src/content/blog/astro-lane-v1.md, before:

---
title: "Astro Lane V1.0.0"
description: "Are you looking to personalize your blog's look and feel? Look no further than Astro Lane, the latest AstroJS theme from Avenue Labs!"
pubDate: 2023-04-24
heroImage: "/images/astro-lane.png"
featured: true
draft: false
tags:
    - post
    - docs
    - release
---

## Astro Lane: Launching the New AstroJS Theme for Your Blog!

Are you looking to personalize your blog's look and feel? Look no further than Astro Lane, the latest AstroJS theme from Avenue Labs!

Astro Lane is a customizable blog theme that offers minimal styling, making it easy for you to tailor it to your needs. Whether you're an experienced blogger or just starting out, Astro Lane is perfect for creating a blog that truly represents your personal style.

Getting started with Astro Lane is easy. The theme comes with clear instructions on how to install and configure it on your blog. You can even preview your build locally before deploying.

## Table of Contents

## Key Features

Here are some of the key features of Astro Lane:

-   Minimal styling (make it your own!)
-   Accessible, semantic HTML markup
-   Blazingly Fast
-   100/100 Lighthouse performance
-   Responsive & SEO-friendly with canonical URLs and OpenGraph data
-   [Astro Image Integration](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/image/) for optimized images
-   Sitemap support
-   [Automatic RSS feed support](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/rss)
-   [Satori](https://github.com/vercel/satori) for creating open graph png images.
-   Markdown & MDX support
-   Draft Posts and Paginations
-   Prism code syntax styling using Atom Dark theme.

## Lighthouse

Astro Lane also scores a perfect 100/100 in the Lighthouse performance audit, making it one of the fastest themes available for AstroJS.

![Lighthouse Grade](/images/astro-lane-lighthouse-score.png)

## Demo

Check out the [Astro Lane](https://www.astro-lane.avenuelabs.co/) demo site hosted on Vercel and see for yourself how the theme looks and performs.

## License

Astro Lane is licensed under the MIT License and was created by Christian Luntok from Avenue Labs. If you have any questions or suggestions about Astro Lane, you can contact the creator via [hey@avenuelabs.co](mailto:hey@avenulabs.co).

So what are you waiting for? Give your blog a new look and feel with Astro Lane, the new AstroJS theme from Avenue Labs!

Commit message:

Just made a simple landing page for Fiat Lux Labs

src/content/blog/astro-lane-v1.md, after:

---
title: "Fiat Lux Labs V1.0.0"
description: "Coming Soon"
pubDate: 2023-04-24
heroImage: "/images/astro-lane.png"
featured: true
draft: false
tags:
    - Coming Soon
---

## Fiat Lux Labs: Launching the New AstroJS Theme for Your Blog!

Are you looking to personalize your blog's look and feel? Look no further than Fiat Lux Labs, the latest AstroJS theme from Fiat Lux Labs!

Fiat Lux Labs is a customizable blog theme that offers minimal styling, making it easy for you to tailor it to your needs. Whether you're an experienced blogger or just starting out, Fiat Lux Labs is perfect for creating a blog that truly represents your personal style.

Getting started with Fiat Lux Labs is easy. The theme comes with clear instructions on how to install and configure it on your blog. You can even preview your build locally before deploying.

## Table of Contents

## Key Features

Here are some of the key features of Fiat Lux Labs:

-   Minimal styling (make it your own!)
-   Accessible, semantic HTML markup
-   Blazingly Fast
-   100/100 Lighthouse performance
-   Responsive & SEO-friendly with canonical URLs and OpenGraph data
-   [Astro Image Integration](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/image/) for optimized images
-   Sitemap support
-   [Automatic RSS feed support](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/rss)
-   [Satori](https://github.com/vercel/satori) for creating open graph png images.
-   Markdown & MDX support
-   Draft Posts and Paginations
-   Prism code syntax styling using Atom Dark theme.

## Lighthouse

Fiat Lux Labs also scores a perfect 100/100 in the Lighthouse performance audit, making it one of the fastest themes available for AstroJS.

![Lighthouse Grade](/images/astro-lane-lighthouse-score.png)

## Demo

Check out the [Fiat Lux Labs](https://www.astro-lane.avenuelabs.co/) demo site hosted on Vercel and see for yourself how the theme looks and performs.

## License

Fiat Lux Labs is licensed under the MIT License and was created by Ian McClue from Fiat Lux Labs. If you have any questions or suggestions about Fiat Lux Labs, you can contact the creator via [ian@fiatluxlabs.co](mailto:hey@avenulabs.co).

So what are you waiting for? Give your blog a new look and feel with Fiat Lux Labs, the new AstroJS theme from Fiat Lux Labs!
